Welcome to the amazing world of bayesian thinking.
Reverend Thomas Bayes, a long time ago,
invented Bayes' rule to prove the existence of God.
I actually got my tenure at Stanford by applying Bayes' rule to robotics.
Bayes' rule is one of the most fascinating technologies
as we transform the field of robotics.
Let me explain to you why. Normal AI
people used to assume everyone knows everything about the world.
When the world was wrong,
it would make fatal mistakes.
Bayes' rule permits for the possibility that it was might be uncertain,
they might not know, and they might have to explore the world to gain information.
The mathematical framework to gather information is called statistics,
and Bayes' rule was at the core of statistics.
It sounds cryptic? Well that's okay.
That sounds let it sound cryptic because the session is about finding out the details.
I have to warn you,
there are some very basic math involved,
things like linear algebra and probabilities.
If you feel uncomfortable with those,
please go back and refresh those.
The underlying concepts should be extremely intuitive,
as intuitive as counting.
So welcome to the wonderland of Bayes' law.